DBZ-4731 Adding note on MongoDB Atlas; (#3228)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/vitess.adoc

// ModuleID: setting-up-vitess-to-run-a-debezium-connector
// Title: Setting up Vitess to run a {prodname} connector
[[setting-up-vitess]]
== Seting up Vitess

> You can follow the link:https://vitess.io/docs/get-started/local-docker/[Local Install via Docker] guide, or the link:https://vitess.io/docs/get-started/operator/[Vitess Operator for Kubernetes] guide to install Vitess. No special set up is needed to use the {prodname} Vitess connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{prodname} does not require any specific configuration for use with Vitess. Install Vitess according to the standard instructions in the link:https://vitess.io/docs/get-started/local-docker/[Local Install via Docker] guide, or the link:https://vitess.io/docs/get-started/operator/[Vitess Operator for Kubernetes] guide. 
```
